Page | 2 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 3 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 4 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“ — yes, their son, Max — ” 
of people called Potter who had a son called Max. 
was called Max. He’d never even seen the boy. It 
Page | 5 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 6 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 7 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Max. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.” 
Page | 8 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 9 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 10 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 11 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 12 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 13 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Potters’ son, Max. But — he couldn’t. He couldn’t 
they’re saying that when he couldn’t kill Max Potter, 
did Max survive?” 
“I’ve come to bring Max to his aunt and uncle. 
Page | 14 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
up the street, screaming for sweets. Max Potter 
known as Max Potter Day in the future — there will 
be books written about Max — every child in our 
she thought he might be hiding Max underneath it. 
Page | 15 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 16 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Dumbledore took Max in his arms and turned 
Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Max 
Max off ter live with Muggles — ” 
walked to the front door. He laid Max gently on the 
Page | 17 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
inside Max’s blankets, and then came back to the 
“Good luck, Max,” he murmured. He turned on his 
Page | 18 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max Potter rolled over inside his blankets without 
voices: “To Max Potter — the boy who lived!” 
Page | 19 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Yet Max Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, 
Page | 20 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door 
“Up!” she screeched. Max heard her walking toward 
“Nearly,” said Max. 
Max groaned. 
Max got slowly out of bed and started looking for 
pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Max 
Page | 21 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
mystery to Max, as Dudley was very fat and hated 
somebody. Dudley’s favorite punching bag was Max, 
but he couldn’t often catch him. Max didn’t look it, 
cupboard, but Max had always been small and 
about four times bigger than he was. Max had a thin 
punched him on the nose. The only thing Max liked 
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Max was 
Page | 22 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
of his newspaper and shouted that Max needed a 
haircut. Max must have had more haircuts than the 
Max was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in 
Max often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a 
Max put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, 
in the face. Max, who could see a huge Dudley 
Page | 23 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
went to answer it while Max and Uncle Vernon 
Max’s direction. 
Dudley’s mouth fell open in horror, but Max’s heart 
movies. Every year, Max was left behind with Mrs. 
Max hated it there. The whole house smelled of 
Max as though he’d planned this. Max knew he 
Page | 24 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
The Dursleys often spoke about Max like this, as 
“You could just leave me here,” Max put in hopefully 
“I won’t blow up the house,” said Max, but they 
Page | 25 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
spoils everything!” He shot Max a nasty grin through 
Half an hour later, Max, who couldn’t believe his 
they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Max aside. 
purple face right up close to Max’s, “I’m warning you 
I’m not going to do anything,” said Max, “honestly 
Page | 26 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
around Max and it was just no good telling the 
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Max coming back from 
laughed himself silly at Max, who spent a sleepless 
certainly wouldn’t fit Max. Aunt Petunia had decided 
relief, Max wasn’t punished. 
as much to Max’s surprise as anyone else’s, there he 
received a very angry letter from Max’s headmistress 
telling them Max had been climbing school 
Page | 27 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
outside the kitchen doors. Max supposed that the 
work, Max, the council, Max, the bank, and Max 
“I had a dream about a motorcycle,” said Max, 
turned right around in his seat and yelled at Max, 
“I know they don’t,” said Max. “It was only a dream.” 
Page | 28 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
asked Max what he wanted before they could hurry 
wasn’t bad, either, Max thought, licking it as they 
Max had the best morning he’d had in a long time. 
another one and Max was allowed to finish the first. 
Max felt, afterward, that he should have known it 
Page | 29 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max moved in front of the tank and looked intently 
level with Max’s. 
Max stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if 
Max a look that said quite plainly: 
“I know,” Max murmured through the glass, though 
“Where do you come from, anyway?” Max asked. 
Page | 30 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
glass. Max peered at it. 
and Max read on: This specimen was bred in the 
behind Max made both of them jump. “DUDLEY! 
“Out of the way, you,” he said, punching Max in the 
ribs. Caught by surprise, Max fell hard on the 
Max sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa 
As the snake slid swiftly past him, Max could have 
Page | 31 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything 
squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Max at 
least, was Piers calming down enough to say, “Max 
was talking to it, weren’t you, Max?” 
house before starting on Max. He was so angry he 
Max lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing 
Page | 32 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
When he had been younger, Max had dreamed and 
After asking Max furiously if he knew the man, Aunt 
vanish the second Max tried to get a closer look. 
At school, Max had no one. Everybody knew that 
Dudley’s gang hated that odd Max Potter in his 
Page | 33 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max his longest-ever punishment. By the time he 
Max was glad school was over, but there was no 
sport: Max Hunting. 
This was why Max spent as much time as possible 
Page | 34 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Max, 
at Stonewall,” he told Max. “Want to come upstairs 
“No, thanks,” said Max. “The poor toilet’s never had 
to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Max at Mrs. 
let Max watch television and gave him a bit of 
he looked so handsome and grown-up. Max didn’t 
Page | 35 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
morning when Max went in for breakfast. It seemed 
Max looked in the bowl again. 
Max seriously doubted this, but thought it best not 
wrinkled noses because of the smell from Max’s new 
Page | 36 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Make Max get it.” 
“Get the mail, Max.” 
Max dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the 
that looked like a bill, and — a letter for Max. 
Max picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging 
Page | 37 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Max 
Max went back to the kitchen, still staring at his 
“Dad!” said Dudley suddenly. “Dad, Max’s got 
Max was on the point of unfolding his letter, which 
“That’s mine\” said Max, trying to snatch it back. 
Page | 38 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
that Max and Dudley were still in the room. Dudley 
“I want to read it,” said Max furiously, “as it’s mine.” 
Max didn’t move. 
“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Max 
them. Max and Dudley promptly had a furious but 
Dudley won, so Max, his glasses dangling from one 
Page | 39 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max could see Uncle Vernon’s shiny black shoes 
visited Max in his cupboard. 
“Where’s my letter?” said Max, the moment Uncle 
“It was not a mistake,” said Max angrily, “it had my 
Page | 40 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Er — yes, Max — about this cupboard. Your aunt 
“Why?” said Max. 
only took Max one trip upstairs to move everything 
Max sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday 
Page | 41 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
back. Max was thinking about this time yesterday 
be trying to be nice to Max, made Dudley go and get 
seat and ran down the hall, Max right behind him. 
the fact that Max had grabbed Uncle Vernon around 
gasping for breath, with Max’s letter clutched in his 
wheezed at Max. “Dudley — go — just go.” 
Max walked round and round his new room. 
morning. Max turned it off quickly and dressed 
Page | 42 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something 
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Max 
sure that Max didn’t do exactly what he’d been 
trying to do. He shouted at Max for about half an 
Max shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by 
Uncle Vernon’s lap. Max could see three letters 
Page | 43 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
Max. As they couldn’t go through the mail slot they 
Twenty-four letters to Max found their way into the 
Dudley asked Max in amazement. 
Page | 44 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
ducked, but Max leapt into the air trying to catch 
Uncle Vernon seized Max around the waist and 
Page | 45 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
and Max shared a room with twin beds and damp, 
musty sheets. Dudley snored but Max stayed awake, 
Max made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon 
Page | 46 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Monday. This reminded Max of something. If it was 
then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Max’s eleventh 
Page | 47 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
storm to deliver mail. Max privately agreed, though 
Page | 48 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
to the lumpy bed next door, and Max was left to find 
night went on. Max couldn’t sleep. He shivered and 
Max he’d be eleven in ten minutes’ time. He lay and 
Five minutes to go. Max heard something creak 
Page | 49 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
The whole shack shivered and Max sat bolt upright, 
Page | 50 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 51 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“An’ here’s Max!” said the giant. 
Max looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face 
Page | 52 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Anyway — Max,” said the giant, turning his back 
a slightly squashed box. Max opened it with 
cake with Happy Birthday Max written on it in green 
Max looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank 
He held out an enormous hand and shook Max’s 
flickering light and Max felt the warmth wash over 
Page | 53 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
He passed the sausages to Max, who was so hungry 
“Er — no,” said Max. 
“Sorry,” Max said quickly. 
Page | 54 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“All what?” asked Max. 
Max thought this was going a bit far. He had been to 
stared wildly at Max. 
Page | 55 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
fingers through his hair, fixing Max with a 
“Kept what from me?” said Max eagerly. 
“Max — yer a wizard.” 
Page | 56 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“I’m a what?” gasped Max. 
Max stretched out his hand at last to take the 
Page | 57 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Questions exploded inside Max’s head like fireworks 
scribbled a note that Max could read upside down: 
Given Max his letter. 
Max realized his mouth was open and closed it 
Page | 58 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“A what?” said Max, interested. 
“You knew?” said Max. “You knew I’m a — a 
Page | 59 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max had gone very white. As soon as he found his 
outrage! A scandal! Max Potter not knowin’ his own 
“But why? What happened?” Max asked urgently. 
didn’t know. Ah, Max, I don’ know if I’m the right 
Page | 60 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Gulpin’ gargoyles, Max, people are still scared. 
“Could you write it down?” Max suggested. 
gettin’ himself power, all right. Dark days, Max. 
Page | 61 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
didn’t work on you, an’ that’s why yer famous, Max. 
Something very painful was going on in Max’s mind. 
“Load of old tosh,” said Uncle Vernon. Max jumped; 
Page | 62 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, 
“Good question, Max. Disappeared. Vanished. Same 
Page | 63 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
somethin’ about you finished him, Max. There was 
Hagrid looked at Max with warmth and respect 
blazing in his eyes, but Max, instead of feeling 
Max looked into the fire. Now he came to think 
he, Max, had been upset or angry ... chased by 
Page | 64 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that 
“See?” said Hagrid. “Max Potter, not a wizard — you 
Page | 65 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
pain. When he turned his back on them, Max saw a 
He cast a sideways look at Max under his bushy 
“Why aren’t you supposed to do magic?” asked Max. 
Page | 66 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Max. 
Page | 67 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max woke early the next morning. Although he 
And there’s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Max 
“All right,” Max mumbled, “I’m getting up.” 
Page | 68 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as 
Max tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it 
“Hagrid!” said Max loudly. “There’s an owl — ” 
string, peppermint humbugs, teabags ... finally, Max 
Max counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl 
held out his leg so Max could put the money into a 
Page | 69 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Best be off, Max, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter 
Max was turning over the wizard coins and looking 
Max dropped the bit of sausage he was holding. 
Page | 70 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
that. Never mess with goblins, Max. Gringotts is the 
Max followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was 
“How did you get here?” Max asked, looking around 
They settled down in the boat, Max still staring at 
Max another of his sideways looks. “If I was ter — er 
“Of course not,” said Max, eager to see more magic. 
Page | 71 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max asked. 
Max sat and thought about this while Hagrid read 
his newspaper, the Daily Prophet Max had learned 
“There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Max asked, before he 
Page | 72 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Why? Blimey, Max, everyone ’d be wantin’ magic 
through the little town to the station. Max couldn’t 
that, Max? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?” 
“Hagrid,” said Max, panting a bit as he ran to keep 
bills to Max so he could buy their tickets. 
“Still got yer letter, Max?” he asked as he counted 
Max took the parchment envelope out of his pocket. 
Page | 73 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn’t 
Page | 74 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Can we buy all this in London?” Max wondered 
Max had never been to London before. Although 
Page | 75 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
all Max had to do was keep close behind him. They 
joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Max hadn’t 
unbelievable, Max couldn’t help trusting him. 
pointed it out, Max wouldn’t have noticed it was 
Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Max had the most 
Page | 76 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
clapping his great hand on Max’s shoulder and 
making Max’s knees buckle. 
“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Max, “is 
“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Max 
Max and seized his hand, tears in his eyes. 
Max didn’t know what to say. Everyone was looking 
next moment, Max found himself shaking hands 
Page | 77 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“I’ve seen you before!” said Max, as Dedalus Diggle’s 
Max shook hands again and again — Doris 
“Professor Quirrell!” said Hagrid. “Max, Professor 
Max’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to 
Max to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get 
Page | 78 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Must get on — lots ter buy. Come on, Max.” 
Doris Crockford shook Max’s hand one last time, 
Hagrid grinned at Max. 
Vampires? Hags? Max’s head was swimming. 
stand back, Max.” 
Page | 79 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
He grinned at Max’s amazement. They stepped 
through the archway. Max looked quickly over his 
Max wished he had about eight more eyes. He 
Max’s age had their noses pressed against a window 
with broomsticks in it. “Look,” Max heard one of 
telescopes and strange silver instruments Max had 
Page | 80 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
goblin was about a head shorter than Max. He had a 
swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Max 
Page | 81 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Max 
ter take some money outta Mr. Max Potter’s safe.” 
numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Max 
he and Max followed Griphook toward one of the 
Page | 82 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
and thirteen?” Max asked. 
Griphook held the door open for them. Max, who 
passages. Max tried to remember, left, right, right, 
Max’s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, 
“I never know,” Max called to Hagrid over the noise 
Page | 83 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
came billowing out, and as it cleared, Max gasped. 
All Max’s — it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn’t 
how much Max cost them to keep? And all the time 
Hagrid helped Max pile some of it into a bag. 
an underground ravine, and Max leaned over the 
Page | 84 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max asked. 
top security vault, Max was sure, and he leaned 
and tucked it deep inside his coat. Max longed to 
sunlight outside Gringotts. Max didn’t know where 
Page | 85 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Listen, Max, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a 
Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Max 
“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Max started to 
Max on a stool next to him, slipped a long robe over 
“Yes,” said Max. 
Max was strongly reminded of Dudley. 
“No,” said Max. 
Page | 86 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“No,” Max said again, wondering what on earth 
“No,” said Max, feeling more stupid by the minute. 
“Mmm,” said Max, wishing he could say something a 
standing there, grinning at Max and pointing at two 
“That’s Hagrid,” said Max, pleased to know 
“He’s the gamekeeper,” said Max. He was liking the 
“I think he’s brilliant,” said Max coldly. 
Page | 87 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“They’re dead,” said Max shortly. He didn’t feel 
But before Max could answer, Madam Malkin said, 
“That’s you done, my dear,” and Max, not sorry for 
Max was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid 
“Nothing,” Max lied. They stopped to buy parchment 
and quills. Max cheered up a bit when he found a 
Page | 88 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Blimey, Max, I keep forgettin’ how little yeh know — 
“Don’t make me feel worse,” said Max. He told 
“I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,” said Max gloomily. 
Page | 89 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
They bought Max’s school books in a shop called 
drag Max away from Curses and Counter-curses 
Hagrid wouldn’t let Max buy a solid gold cauldron, 
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Max, 
Max himself examined silver unicorn horns at 
Page | 90 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Max’s list 
Max felt himself go red. 
and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Max now carried a 
A magic wand . . . this was what Max had been really 
Page | 91 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
sat on to wait. Max felt strangely as though he had 
“Good afternoon,” said a soft voice. Max jumped. 
“Hello,” said Max awkwardly. 
seeing you soon. Max Potter.” It wasn’t a question. 
Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Max. Max wished 
Page | 92 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Max 
were almost nose to nose. Max could see himself 
Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Max’s 
He shook his head and then, to Max’s relief, spotted 
“Oh, no, sir,” said Hagrid quickly. Max noticed he 
Page | 93 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Er — well, I’m right-handed,” said Max. 
“Hold out your arm. That’s it.” He measured Max 
Max suddenly realized that the tape measure, which 
Max took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it 
Max tried — but he had hardly raised the wand 
Page | 94 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. 
Max took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his 
He put Max’s wand back into its box and wrapped it 
“Sorry,” said Max, “but what’s curious?” 
Mr. Ollivander fixed Max with his pale stare. 
Max swallowed. 
Page | 95 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max shivered. He wasn’t sure he liked Mr. 
The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Max 
Cauldron, now empty. Max didn’t speak at all as 
cage on Max’s lap. Up another escalator, out into 
Paddington station; Max only realized where they 
He bought Max a hamburger and they sat down on 
plastic seats to eat them. Max kept looking around. 
“You all right, Max? Yer very quiet,” said Hagrid. 
Max wasn’t sure he could explain. He’d just had the 
Page | 96 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Don’ you worry, Max. You’ll learn fast enough. 
Hagrid helped Max on to the train that would take 
know where to find me. ... See yeh soon, Max.” 
The train pulled out of the station. Max wanted to 
Page | 97 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max’s last month with the Dursleys wasn’t fun. 
True, Dudley was now so scared of Max he wouldn’t 
Vernon didn’t shut Max in his cupboard, force him 
acted as though any chair with Max in it were 
Max kept to his room, with his new owl for 
before he went to sleep, Max ticked off another day 
Page | 98 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Grunt. Max supposed that meant yes. 
Max didn’t say anything. 
“I don’t know,” said Max, realizing this for the first 
Page | 99 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Why are you going to London?” Max asked, trying 
Max woke at five o’clock the next morning and was 
Two hours later, Max’s huge, heavy trunk had been 
talked Dudley into sitting next to Max, and they had 
Page | 100 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Vernon dumped Max’s trunk onto a cart and 
wheeled it into the station for him. Max thought this 
nastier smile. He left without another word. Max 
them were laughing. Max’s mouth went rather dry. 
never heard of Hogwarts and when Max couldn’t 
started to get annoyed, as though Max was being 
stupid on purpose. Getting desperate, Max asked for 
muttering about time wasters. Max was now trying 
Page | 101 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max swung round. The speaker was a plump 
Max’s in front of him — and they had an owl. 
Heart hammering, Max pushed his cart after them. 
platforms nine and ten. Max watched, careful not to 
Page | 102 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Excuse me,” Max said to the plump woman. 
“Yes,” said Max. “The thing is — the thing is, I don’t 
Max nodded. 
Page | 103 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Er — okay,” said Max. 
their way to platforms nine and ten. Max walked 
Express, eleven o’clock. Max looked behind him and 
their families, some fighting over seats. Max pushed 
Page | 104 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max pressed on through the crowd until he found 
“Yes, please,” Max panted. 
With the twins’ help, Max’s trunk was at last tucked 
“Thanks,” said Max, pushing his sweaty hair out of 
pointing at Max’s lightning scar. 
Max. 
“What?” said Max. 
Page | 105 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“ Max Potter,” chorused the twins. 
“Oh, him,” said Max. “I mean, yes, I am.” 
The two boys gawked at him, and Max felt himself 
With a last look at Max, the twins hopped off the 
Max sat down next to the window where, half 
Page | 106 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
robes, and Max noticed a shiny red and gold badge 
Page | 107 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max leaned back quickly so they couldn’t see him 
“ Max Potted” 
Max heard the little girl’s voice. 
Page | 108 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
The train began to move. Max saw the boys’ mother 
Max watched the girl and her mother disappear as 
window. Max felt a great leap of excitement. He 
opposite Max. “Everywhere else is full.” 
Page | 109 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max shook his head and the boy sat down. He 
glanced at Max and then looked quickly out of the 
window, pretending he hadn’t looked. Max saw he 
“Max,” said the other twin, “did we introduce 
“Bye,” said Max and Ron. The twins slid the 
“Are you really Max Potter?” Ron blurted out. 
Max nodded. 
He pointed at Max’s forehead. 
Max pulled back his bangs to show the lightning 
“Yes,” said Max, “but I can’t remember it.” 
Page | 110 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Wow,” said Ron. He sat and stared at Max for a few 
“Are all your family wizards?” asked Max, who found 
Page | 111 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max didn’t think there was anything wrong with not 
“What?” said Max. 
name,” said Max, “I just never knew you shouldn’t. 
Page | 112 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, 
he’d brought sandwiches. Max went out into the 
Max had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss 
Ron stared as Max brought it all back in to the 
Page | 113 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Starving,” said Max, taking a large bite out of a 
“Swap you for one of these,” said Max, holding up a 
“Go on, have a pasty,” said Max, who had never had 
eating their way through all Max’s pasties, cakes, 
“What are these?” Max asked Ron, holding up a 
Max unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up 
Page | 114 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“So this is Dumbledore!” said Max. 
Max turned over his card and read: 
Max turned the card back over and saw, to his 
“Help yourself,” said Max. “But in, you know, the 
Page | 115 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the 
at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Max 
Max. “When they say every flavor, they mean every 
Max got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, 
and the round-faced boy Max had passed on 
Page | 116 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Hell turn up,” said Max. 
Page | 117 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his 
“Max Potter,” said Max. 
Page | 118 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Am I?” said Max, feeling dazed. 
“What House are your brothers in?” asked Max. 
Page | 119 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
a bit lighter,” said Max, trying to take Ron’s mind off 
Max was wondering what a wizard did once he’d 
Max stared. 
Max turned this news over in his mind. He was 
“Er — I don’t know any,” Max confessed. 
Page | 120 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
get if he had the money. He was just taking Max 
Three boys entered, and Max recognized the middle 
robe shop. He was looking at Max with a lot more 
that Max Potter’s in this compartment. So it’s you, is 
“Yes,” said Max. He was looking at the other boys. 
boy carelessly, noticing where Max was looking. 
He turned back to Max. “You’ll soon find out some 
Page | 121 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
He held out his hand to shake Max’s, but Max 
Both Max and Ron stood up. 
“Unless you get out now,” said Max, more bravely 
Page | 122 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“I think he’s been knocked out,” Ron said to Max. 
Max explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley. 
Page | 123 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Ron glared at her as she left. Max peered out of the 
Max’s stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he 
to a tiny, dark platform. Max shivered in the cold 
of the students, and Max heard a familiar voice: 
Max?” 
dark on either side of them that Max thought there 
Page | 124 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville 
Page | 125 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 126 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
very stern face and Max’s first thought was that this 
flagged stone floor. Max could hear the drone of 
Page | 127 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
smudged nose. Max nervously tried to flatten his 
She left the chamber. Max swallowed. 
Page | 128 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max’s heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of 
wondering which one she’d need. Max tried hard not 
Page | 129 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with 
Max had never even imagined such a strange and 
Page | 130 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
avoid all the staring eyes, Max looked upward and 
Max quickly looked down again as Professor 
Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Max 
Page | 131 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 132 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max. “I’ll kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling 
Max smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot 
hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Max didn’t feel 
Page | 133 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at 
Max could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling. 
Perhaps it was Max’s imagination, after all he’d 
Page | 134 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Sometimes, Max noticed, the hat shouted out the 
next to Max in the line, sat on the stool for almost a 
A horrible thought struck Max, as horrible thoughts 
Page | 135 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Potter, Max!” 
As Max stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke 
“ The Max Potter?” 
The last thing Max saw before the hat dropped over 
Max gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not 
Max heard the hat shout the last word to the whole 
Page | 136 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Potter!” Max sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff 
Max the sudden, horrible feeling he’d just plunged it 
him the thumbs up. Max grinned back. And there, 
sat Albus Dumbledore. Max recognized him at once 
Max spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous 
joined Max at the Gryffindor table. “Turpin, Lisa,” 
was pale green by now. Max crossed his fingers 
Max clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed 
pompously across Max as “Zabini, Blaise,” was 
Max looked down at his empty gold plate. He had 
Page | 137 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max didn’t know whether to laugh or not. 
Max?” 
Max’s mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him 
The Dursleys had never exactly starved Max, but 
Dudley had always taken anything that Max really 
wanted, even if it made him sick. Max piled his plate 
watching Max cut up his steak. 
Page | 138 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a 
was right next to Malfoy who, Max was pleased to 
Page | 139 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
As Max helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk 
Page | 140 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
On Max’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione 
Max, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, 
looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Max’s 
Max’s forehead. 
“Ouch!” Max clapped a hand to his head. 
to shake off was the feeling Max had gotten from the 
teacher’s look — a feeling that he didn’t like Max at 
Page | 141 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn’t 
Page | 142 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
Max laughed, but he was one of the few who did. 
song!” cried Dumbledore. Max noticed that the other 
Page | 143 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
marble staircase. Max’s legs were like lead again, 
yawning and dragging their feet, and Max was just 
Page | 144 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 145 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
“Great food, isn’t it?” Ron muttered to Max through 
Max was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the 
Perhaps Max had eaten a bit too much, because he 
was his destiny. Max told the turban he didn’t want 
was a burst of green light and Max woke, sweating 
Page | 146 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Whispers followed Max from the moment he left his 
staring. Max wished they wouldn’t, because he was 
Page | 147 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
and Max was sure the coats of armor could walk. 
caretaker, Argus Filch. Max and Ron managed to get 
Page | 148 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
magic, as Max quickly found out, than waving your 
took the roll call, and when he reached Max’s name 
Professor McGonagall was again different. Max had 
Page | 149 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 150 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t 
Friday was an important day for Max and Ron. They 
“What have we got today?” Max asked Ron as he 
“Wish McGonagall favored us,” said Max. Professor 
Just then, the mail arrived. Max had gotten used to 
Hedwig hadn’t brought Max anything so far. She 
bowl and dropped a note onto Max’s plate. Max 
Page | 151 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Dear Max, 
Max borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see 
It was lucky that Max had tea with Hagrid to look 
At the start-of-term banquet, Max had gotten the 
Snape didn’t dislike Max — he hated him. 
roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Max’s name. 
“Ah, yes,” he said softly, “Max Potter. Our new — 
Page | 152 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
More silence followed this little speech. Max and 
Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Max 
“I don’t know, sir,” said Max. 
Page | 153 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
would go without her leaving her seat, but Max 
Max forced himself to keep looking straight into 
“I don’t know,” said Max quietly. “I think Hermione 
A few people laughed; Max caught Seamus’s eye, 
Page | 154 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Seamus. Then he rounded on Max and Ron, who 
Page | 155 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
This was so unfair that Max opened his mouth to 
later, Max’s mind was racing and his spirits were 
When Max knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling 
Page | 156 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“This is Ron,” Max told Hagrid, who was pouring 
that almost broke their teeth, but Max and Ron 
Max’s knee and drooled all over his robes. 
Max and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call 
Max told Hagrid about Snape’s lesson. Hagrid, like 
Ron, told Max not to worry about it, that Snape 
Page | 157 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Yet Max couldn’t help thinking that Hagrid didn’t 
Max wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on 
work with dragons, Max picked up a piece of paper 
Max remembered Ron telling him on the train that 
“Hagrid!” said Max, “that Gringotts break-in 
meet Max’s eyes this time. He grunted and offered 
him another rock cake. Max read the story again. 
Page | 158 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
As Max and Ron walked back to the castle for 
they’d been too polite to refuse, Max thought that 
that he didn’t want to tell Max? 
Page | 159 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max had never believed he would meet a boy he 
“Typical,” said Max darkly. “Just what I always 
Page | 160 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Max 
Privately, Max felt she’d had good reason, because 
Max hadn’t had a single letter since Hagrid’s note, 
Page | 161 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half 
At three-thirty that afternoon, Max, Ron, and the 
Page | 162 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Max 
Max glanced down at his broom. It was old and 
Max’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it 
when you were afraid, thought Max; there was a 
and down the rows correcting their grips. Max and 
Page | 163 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
feet — twenty feet. Max saw his scared white face 
“Broken wrist,” Max heard her mutter. “Come on, 
Page | 164 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Give that here, Malfoy,” said Max quietly. Everyone 
“Give it here!” Max yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto 
Max grabbed his broom. 
Page | 165 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. 
“Give it here,” Max called, “or I’ll knock you off that 
Max knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward 
out of the way in time; Max made a sharp about- 
Malfoy,” Max called. 
Max saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up 
Page | 166 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Max POTTER!” 
Max caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s 
Page | 167 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
corridors with Max trotting miserably behind her. 
Wood? thought Max, bewildered; was Wood a cane 
curiously at Max. 
Page | 168 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max nodded silently. He didn’t have a clue what was 
walking around Max and staring at him. “Light — 
Page | 169 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
at Max. 
It was dinnertime. Max had just finished telling Ron 
“ — a century,” said Max, shoveling pie into his 
gaped at Max. 
“I start training next week,” said Max. “Only don’t 
spotted Max, and hurried over. 
Page | 170 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
brilliant. You must be good, Max, Wood was almost 
said Max coolly. There was of course nothing at all 
Page | 171 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Max looked at each 
“What is a wizard’s duel?” said Max. “And what do 
Catching the look on Max’s face, he added quickly, 
Hermione ignored him and spoke to Max. 
Page | 172 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“And it’s really none of your business,” said Max. 
to the day, Max thought, as he lay awake much later 
Norris, and Max felt he was pushing his luck, 
can’t believe you’re going to do this, Max.” 
Page | 173 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering. 
Page | 174 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Shut up, both of you!” said Max sharply. “I heard 
“How’s your arm?” said Max. 
Page | 175 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Max 
moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Max 
room. Max took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in 
Max had only just raised his wand when they heard 
Page | 176 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max waved madly at the other three to follow him as 
“This way!” Max mouthed to the others and, 
“RUN!” Max yelled, and the four of them sprinted 
another, Max in the lead, without any idea where 
“I think we’ve lost him,” Max panted, leaning against 
Page | 177 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Max. “You 
Max thought she was probably right, but he wasn’t 
Page | 178 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, 
Page | 179 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“He thinks this door is locked,” Max whispered. “I 
been tugging on the sleeve of Max’s bathrobe for the 
Max turned around — and saw, quite clearly, what. 
and Max knew that the only reason they weren’t 
Max groped for the doorknob — between Filch and 
They fell backward — Max slammed the door shut, 
Page | 180 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, and the portrait swung forward. They 
“The floor?” Max suggested. “I wasn’t looking at its 
Page | 181 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
But Hermione had given Max something else to 
It looked as though Max had found out where the 
Page | 182 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, 
next morning Max and Ron thought that meeting 
one. In the meantime, Max filled Ron in about the 
“Or both,” said Max. 
Page | 183 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 
Hermione was now refusing to speak to Max and 
thin package carried by six large screech owls. Max 
Max ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, 
Max had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the 
Page | 184 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
the package from Max and felt it. 
Max with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face. 
Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?” Ron grinned at Max. 
beaming at Max. “Professor McGonagall told me all 
Page | 185 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir,” said Max, fighting 
Max and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their 
“Well, it’s true,” Max chortled as they reached the 
disapprovingly at the package in Max’s hand. 
“I thought you weren’t speaking to us?” said Max. 
Max had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his 
Max’s bedspread. 
Even Max, who knew nothing about the different 
Page | 186 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
As seven o’clock drew nearer, Max left the castle and 
poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Max of 
Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Max 
wooden crate under his arm. Max landed next to 
Page | 187 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Three Chasers,” Max repeated, as Wood took out a 
the hoops to score,” Max recited. “So — that’s sort of 
“Never mind,” said Max quickly. 
“Three Chasers, one Keeper,” said Max, who was 
He handed Max a small club, a bit like a short 
He showed Max two identical balls, jet black and 
slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Max noticed 
Page | 188 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Stand back,” Wood warned Max. He bent down and 
pelted straight at Max’s face. Max swung at it with 
Bludgers away from their team,” Max reeled off. 
“Er — have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?” Max 
Page | 189 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max shook his head. He understood what he had to 
and a few minutes later, he and Max were up in the 
in every direction for Max to catch. 
Page | 190 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max didn’t miss a single one, and Wood was 
of all his homework, but Max could hardly believe it 
class into pairs to practice. Max’s partner was 
Max’s broomstick had arrived. 
Page | 191 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
It was very difficult. Max and Seamus swished and 
fire to it — Max had to put it out with his hat. 
“You’re saying it wrong,” Max heard Hermione snap. 
Max as they pushed their way into the crowded 
Page | 192 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Someone knocked into Max as they hurried past 
him. It was Hermione. Max caught a glimpse of her 
Hall for the Halloween feast, Max and Ron overheard 
Max was just helping himself to a baked potato 
Page | 193 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“How could a troll get in?” Max asked as they 
a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Max suddenly 
Page | 194 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Percy!” hissed Ron, pulling Max behind a large 
“What’s he doing?” Max whispered. “Why isn’t he 
“He’s heading for the third floor,” Max said, but Ron 
Max sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a 
Page | 195 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“The key’s in the lock,” Max muttered. “We could 
one great leap, Max managed to grab the key, slam 
“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Max gasped. 
panic. Max pulled the door open and they ran 
Page | 196 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Confuse it!” Max said desperately to Ron, and, 
made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw Max. It 
Max time to run around it. 
“Come on, run, run\” Max yelled at Hermione, trying 
Max then did something that was both very brave 
from behind. The troll couldn’t feel Max hanging 
of wood up its nose, and Max’s wand had still been 
club, with Max clinging on for dear life; any second, 
Page | 197 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max got to his feet. He was shaking and out of 
“I don’t think so,” said Max, “I think it’s just been 
Page | 198 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
looking at Ron and Max. Max had never seen her 
fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Max’s 
McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Max looked 
Snape gave Max a swift, piercing look. Max looked 
“If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now. Max 
Page | 199 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Ron tried to look as though this story 
Hermione hung her head. Max was speechless. 
Professor McGonagall turned to Max and Ron. 
Page | 200 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
locked the thing in with her,” Max reminded him. 
Page | 201 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Max 
Hardly anyone had seen Max play because Wood 
had decided that, as their secret weapon, Max 
playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Max 
Page | 202 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
It was really lucky that Max now had Hermione as a 
Max learned that there were seven hundred ways of 
breaking rules since Max and Ron had saved her 
it. The day before Max’s first Quidditch match the 
warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Max noticed at 
once that Snape was limping. Max, Ron, and 
It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Max showed him. 
Page | 203 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“He’s just made that rule up,” Max muttered angrily 
evening. Max, Ron, and Hermione sat together next 
to a window. Hermione was checking Max and Ron’s 
Max felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the 
“Better you than me,” they said together, but Max 
Page | 204 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max tried to shut the door quietly, but — 
robes quickly to hide his leg. Max gulped. 
Max left, before Snape could take any more points 
“Did you get it?” Ron asked as Max joined them. 
In a low whisper, Max told them what he’d seen. 
or something,” snapped Ron. “I’m with Max. I 
Page | 205 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max went to bed with his head buzzing with the 
same question. Neville was snoring loudly, but Max 
Snape’s face when Max had seen his leg wasn’t easy 
Max felt terrible. In an hour’s time he’d be walking 
“Max, you need your strength,” said Seamus 
“Thanks, Seamus,” said Max, watching Seamus pile 
Page | 206 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, they had painted a large banner on one of the 
Meanwhile, in the locker room, Max and the rest of 
“We know Oliver’s speech by heart,” Fred told Max, 
Max followed Fred and George out of the locker 
Page | 207 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
once they were all gathered around her. Max noticed 
Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a fifth year. Max 
Max clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand. 
Page | 208 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Nope,” said Ron. “Max hasn’t had much to do yet.” 
the speck that was Max. 
Page | 209 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Way up above them, Max was gliding over the game, 
When Angelina had scored, Max had done a couple 
cannonball than anything, but Max dodged it and 
“All right there, Max?” he had time to yell, as he 
Max saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived 
Page | 210 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max was faster than Higgs — he could see the little 
below — Marcus Flint had blocked Max on purpose, 
and Max’s broom spun off course, Max holding on 
Max outta the air.” 
Page | 211 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
It was as Max dodged another Bludger, which went 
did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off. Max 
noticed that Max’s broom was behaving strangely It 
Page | 212 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Dunno what Max thinks he’s doing,” Hagrid 
Suddenly, people were pointing up at Max all over 
the whole crowd gasped. Max’s broom had given a 
wild jerk and Max swung off it. He was now dangling 
but instead of looking up at Max, she started 
Max and was muttering nonstop under his breath. 
Page | 213 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost 
Weasleys flew up to try and pull Max safely onto one 
It was enough. Up in the air, Max was suddenly able 
Max was speeding toward the ground when the 
Page | 214 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
difference — Max hadn’t broken any rules and Lee 
points to sixty. Max heard none of this, though. He 
Max, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, 
wondering what to tell him. Max decided on the 
Page | 215 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Yes?” said Max eagerly. 
“So why did he just try and kill Max?” cried 
know why Max’s broom acted like that, but Snape 
“Aha!” said Max, “so there’s someone called Nicolas 
Page | 216 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 217 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
He was looking over at Max as he spoke. Crabbe and 
Goyle chuckled. Max, who was measuring out 
wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Max as 
way Max had managed to stay on his bucking 
back to taunting Max about having no proper 
It was true that Max wasn’t going back to Privet 
who would be staying for the holidays, and Max had 
Page | 218 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“I hate them both,” said Max, “Malfoy and Snape.” 
Page | 219 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, Ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we 
“Oh, we’re not working,” Max told him brightly. 
Max added. “We must’ve been through hundreds of 
Page | 220 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
random. Max wandered over to the Restricted 
“Nothing,” said Max. 
Page | 221 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
story, Max left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione 
Max waited outside in the corridor to see if the other 
Once the holidays had started, Ron and Max were 
Page | 222 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Ron also started teaching Max wizard chess. This 
Max played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had 
On Christmas Eve, Max went to bed looking forward 
“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Max 
“You, too,” said Max. “Will you look at this? I’ve got 
his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Max’s. 
Max picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in 
Max, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden 
Page | 223 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Max 
“That’s friendly,” said Max. 
“You can keep it,” said Max, laughing at how 
Max had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand- 
“That’s really nice of her,” said Max, trying the 
Page | 224 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
This only left one parcel. Max picked it up and felt 
Max picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It 
Max threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron 
Max looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He 
Max pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. 
Page | 225 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
There was no signature. Max stared at the note. Ron 
“Nothing,” said Max. He felt very strange. Who had 
Weasley bounded in. Max stuffed the cloak quickly 
“Hey, look — Max’s got a Weasley sweater, too!” 
“Max’s is better than ours, though,” said Fred, 
holding up Max’s sweater. “She obviously makes 
Page | 226 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
wearing ours, even Max got one.” 
Max had never in all his life had such a Christmas 
Max pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t 
Page | 227 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
embedded in his slice. Max watched Hagrid getting 
cheek, who, to Max’s amazement, giggled and 
When Max finally left the table, he was laden down 
set. The white mice had disappeared and Max had a 
Max and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon 
fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Max 
It had been Max’s best Christmas day ever. Yet 
Page | 228 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster. Max 
Suddenly, Max felt wide-awake. The whole of 
Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Max wake him? 
“Who’s there?” squawked the Fat Lady. Max said 
Page | 229 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Max lit a 
even though Max could feel his arm supporting it, 
letters spelled words in languages Max couldn’t 
hairs on the back of Max’s neck prickled. Maybe he 
the book was screaming! Max snapped it shut, but 
Page | 230 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
wild eyes looked straight through him, and Max 
Max felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he 
Max stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape 
past, and Max leaned against the wall, breathing 
Page | 231 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
and Snape, Max moved nearer to the mirror, 
ten others. Max looked over his shoulder — but still, 
Page | 232 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
and her eyes — her eyes are just like mine, Max 
as Max’s did. 
Max was so close to the mirror now that his nose 
They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Max 
he had Max’s knobbly knees — Max was looking at 
The Potters smiled and waved at Max and he stared 
Page | 233 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max couldn’t eat. He had seen his parents and 
What Max feared most was that he might not be 
the next night. They tried retracing Max’s route from 
“IVo!” Max hissed. “I know it’s here somewhere.” 
Page | 234 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max spotted the suit of armor. 
They pushed the door open. Max dropped the cloak 
“See?” Max whispered. 
Max stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the 
Page | 235 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
look excitedly at Max. 
Max stood quite still, both thinking the same thing 
And Ron pulled Max out of the room. 
Page | 236 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Want to play chess, Max?” said Ron. 
“I know what you’re thinking about, Max, that 
“I’m serious, Max, don’t go.” 
But Max only had one thought in his head, which 
Max sank down to sit on the floor in front of the 
Page | 237 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“So — back again, Max?” 
Max felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He 
wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Max 
you,” said Dumbledore, and Max was relieved to see 
the floor with Max, “you, like hundreds before you, 
Max shook his head. 
Page | 238 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max thought. Then he said slowly, “It shows us 
Max, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If 
Max stood up. 
Max stared. 
Page | 239 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max that Dumbledore might not have been quite 
Page | 240 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Dumbledore had convinced Max not to go looking 
folded at the bottom of his trunk. Max wished he 
drive you mad,” said Ron, when Max told him about 
between horror at the idea of Max being out of bed, 
Page | 241 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
in a library book, even though Max was still sure 
for ten minutes during their breaks. Max had even 
Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Max was on 
Quite apart from wanting to win, Max found that he 
Page | 242 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Which was all very well, thought Max, but he had 
as usual at the end of practice, but Max headed 
the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Max 
“Don’t talk to me for a moment,” said Ron when Max 
sight of Max’s face. “What’s the matter with you? 
Max told the other two about Snape ’s sudden, 
“I can’t,” said Max. “There isn’t a reserve Seeker. If I 
Page | 243 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
over to sit with Max and Ron. 
Max felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a 
Page | 244 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“You’re worth twelve of Malfoy,” Max said. “The 
“Thanks, Max ... I think I’ll go to bed. ... D’you want 
As Neville walked away, Max looked at the Famous 
to the girls’ dormitories. Max and Ron barely had 
Page | 245 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“The what?” said Max and Ron. 
She pushed the book toward them, and Max and 
Page | 246 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“See?” said Hermione, when Max and Ron had 
dying!” said Max. “No wonder Snape’s after it! 
bites, Max and Ron were still discussing what they’d 
Max remembered about Snape and the coming 
As the match drew nearer, however, Max became 
Page | 247 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max didn’t know whether he was imagining it or not, 
torture, Snape was so horrible to Max. Could Snape 
Stone? Max didn’t see how he could — yet he 
Max knew, when they wished him good luck 
comforting. Max hardly heard a word of Wood’s pep 
Max know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly 
hurt Max. 
Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Max 
Page | 248 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max’s heart did a somersault. 
Max could have laughed out loud with relief. He was 
crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Max, 
Page | 249 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
point with anxiety about Max. 
“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Max — !” 
Max had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, 
as Max streaked toward the ground like a bullet. 
Page | 250 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Come on, Max!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto 
her seat to watch as Max sped straight at Snape — 
him by inches — the next second, Max had pulled 
“Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game’s over! Max’s 
Max jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. 
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then Max felt 
Max could hear. “Nice to see you haven’t been 
Page | 251 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max left the locker room alone some time later, to 
Max had reached the shed. He leaned against the 
Max’s victory faded from his mind as he watched. 
Max jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand 
Page | 252 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
wasn’t alone. Quirrell was there, too. Max couldn’t 
worse than ever. Max strained to catch what they 
Max leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling 
An owl hooted loudly, and Max nearly fell out of the 
Page | 253 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
clearing. It was almost dark now, but Max could see 
“Max, where have you been?” Hermione squeaked. 
Max on the back. “And I gave Malfoy a black eye, 
“Never mind that now,” said Max breathlessly. “Let’s 
Page | 254 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 255 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Max, 
Max passed Quirrell these days he gave him an 
schedules and color-coding all her notes. Max and 
Page | 256 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
movements. Moaning and yawning, Max and Ron 
Max, who was looking up “Dittany” in One Thousand 
Page | 257 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
matter of fact,” said Max, “about what’s guarding 
“See you later, then,” said Max. 
Page | 258 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
first time I ever met him,” said Max. 
“But there aren’t wild dragons in Britain?” said Max. 
Page | 259 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Yes,” said Max. There was no point beating around 
Hagrid ’s chest swelled at these last words. Max and 
Page | 260 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the 
Fluffy, aren’t you, Hagrid?” said Max anxiously. 
“Well, that’s something,” Max muttered to the 
“Can’t, Max, sorry,” said Hagrid. Max noticed him 
glance at the fire. Max looked at it, too. 
Page | 261 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
for Max and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts. 
Page | 262 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Max 
“Shut up!” Max whispered. 
dead to listen. How much had he heard? Max didn’t 
Page | 263 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
wasn’t exactly pretty; Max thought it looked like a 
Max bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a 
during the next week made Max, Ron, and Hermione 
“Just let him go,” Max urged. “Set him free.” 
Page | 264 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“He’s lost his marbles,” Ron muttered in Max’s ear. 
“Hagrid,” said Max loudly, “give it two weeks and 
Max suddenly turned to Ron. 
Page | 265 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
found Hermione and Max sitting alone in the 
of nowhere as he pulled off Max’s Invisibility Cloak. 
“It’s Hedwig!” said Max, hurrying to let her in. “She’ll 
Page | 266 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“We’ve got the Invisibility Cloak,” said Max. “It 
Max and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing 
Max and Hermione tried to calm Ron down. 
Page | 267 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Hermione didn’t get a chance to answer. 
“It’s too late to change the plan now,” Max told 
windows rattle. Max and Hermione walked back to 
Page | 268 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
sounded to Max as though the teddy was having his 
“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Max and 
another staircase, then another — even one of Max’s 
“Nearly there!” Max panted as they reached the 
Page | 269 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“You don’t understand, Professor. Max Potter’s 
“Don’t,” Max advised her. 
Max and Hermione the harness they’d rigged up, so 
helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Max 
Page | 270 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 271 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
chased each other around Max’s brain, each more 
Had Max thought that things couldn’t have been 
Page | 272 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Max!” Neville burst out, the moment he saw the 
Max shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but 
Max caught Neville’s eye and tried to tell him 
Neville — Max knew what it must have cost him to 
Page | 273 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Fifty?” Max gasped — they would lose the lead, the 
Gryffindor had had for the House Cup. Max felt as 
Max didn’t sleep all night. He could hear Neville 
Max couldn’t think of anything to say to comfort 
And then the story started to spread: Max Potter, 
the famous Max Potter, their hero of two Quidditch 
Page | 274 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
people at the school, Max was suddenly the most 
Slytherin lose the House Cup. Everywhere Max 
go, though, have they?” said Max miserably. 
It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Max 
team wouldn’t speak to Max during practice, and if 
have as bad a time as Max, because they weren’t as 
Page | 275 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max was almost glad that the exams weren’t far 
start, Max’s new resolution not to interfere in 
Max moved closer. 
of sight; Max didn’t think Quirrell had even noticed 
empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Max 
Page | 276 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
what Max had just heard, Snape would be walking 
Max went back to the library, where Hermione was 
testing Ron on Astronomy. Max told them what he’d 
giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Max?” 
eyes, but Hermione answered before Max could. 
“But we’ve got no proof.” said Max. “Quirrell’s too 
Page | 277 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“No,” said Max flatly, “we’ve done enough poking 
The following morning, notes were delivered to Max, 
Max had forgotten they still had detentions to do in 
studying lost, but she didn’t say a word. Like Max, 
was Malfoy. Max had also forgotten that Malfoy had 
Page | 278 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
kept sniffing. Max wondered what their punishment 
kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Max 
Max’s heart rose; if they were going to be working 
Neville clutched the sleeve of Max’s robe and made a 
Page | 279 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
already. All right, Max, Hermione?” 
“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Max was 
Page | 280 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“So me, Max, an’ Hermione’ll go one way an’ Draco, 
Page | 281 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
they reached a fork in the earth path, and Max, 
Max saw that Hagrid looked very worried. 
“ Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?” Max 
They walked past a mossy tree stump. Max could 
Hagrid seized Max and Hermione and hoisted them 
Page | 282 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“A werewolf?” Max suggested. 
with a long, reddish tail. Max and Hermione’s jaws 
This is Max Potter an’ Hermione Granger, by the 
Page | 283 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Page | 284 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, 
said Max. 
Page | 285 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Max 
than usual. Max’s seemed to be picking up every 
Page | 286 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Neville, you stay with me an’ Hermione, Max, you go 
whisper to Max, “but he’ll have a harder time 
So Max set off into the heart of the forest with 
were so thick. Max thought the blood seemed to be 
around in pain close by. Max could see a clearing 
It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Max 
Max had taken one step toward it when a slithering 
ground like some stalking beast. Max, Malfoy, and 
Page | 287 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
right at Max — unicorn blood was dribbling down its 
front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Max 
over Max, charging at the figure. 
The pain in Max’s head was so bad he fell to his 
“Are you all right?” said the centaur, pulling Max to 
Max, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, 
livid, on Max’s forehead. 
himself on to his front legs so that Max could 
Page | 288 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
so that Max had to grab his shoulders to stay on. 
Page | 289 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
And Firenze whisked around; with Max clutching on 
Max didn’t have a clue what was going on. 
Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Max to keep his 
not answer Max’s question. They made their way 
through the trees in silence for so long that Max 
“Max Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is 
“No,” said Max, startled by the odd question. “We’ve 
Max stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was 
Page | 290 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
around Max’s heart. Over the rustling of the trees, 
“Do you mean,” Max croaked, “that was VoZ — ” 
“Max! Max, are you all right?” 
“I’m fine,” said Max, hardly knowing what he was 
Max slid off his back. 
Page | 291 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Good luck, Max Potter,” said Firenze. “The planets 
forest, leaving Max shivering behind him. 
about Quidditch fouls when Max roughly shook him 
eyed as Max began to tell him and Hermione what 
Max couldn’t sit down. He paced up and down in 
Max wasn’t listening. 
Stone,” Max went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will 
Page | 292 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Max, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one 
When Max pulled back his sheets, he found his 
Page | 293 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
In years to come, Max would never quite remember 
Page | 294 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max did the best he could, trying to ignore the 
Neville thought Max had a bad case of exam nerves 
because Max couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that 
Max kept being woken by his old nightmare, except 
Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Max 
Max. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, 
parchment, Max couldn’t help cheering with the 
Page | 295 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly 
Max was rubbing his forehead. 
“I’m not ill,” said Max. “I think it’s a warning ... it 
“Max, relax, Hermione ’s right, the Stone’s safe as 
Max nodded, but he couldn’t shake off a lurking 
Max was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn’t have 
Page | 296 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max suddenly jumped to his feet. 
“I’ve just thought of something,” said Max. He had 
“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Max, 
“What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Max, 
“Yes, please,” said Ron, but Max cut him off. 
Page | 297 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max sank down next to the bowl of peas. 
Max asked, trying to keep his voice calm. 
Page | 298 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, Ron, and Hermione didn’t speak to each other 
“We’ve got to go to Dumbledore,” said Max. “Hagrid 
“Well just have to — ” Max began, but a voice 
Hermione, rather bravely, Max and Ron thought. 
Max swallowed — now what? 
Page | 299 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“He’s gone?” said Max frantically. “Now?” 
“Look,” said Max, throwing caution to the winds, 
Page | 300 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“It’s tonight,” said Max, once he was sure Professor 
Hermione gasped. Max and Ron wheeled round. 
“We were — ” Max began, without any idea what he 
Max flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape 
Page | 301 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Out on the stone steps, Max turned to the others. 
Max told Ron. “Come on.” 
Max and Ron went back to the common room. Max 
Page | 302 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“I’m sorry, Max!” she wailed. “Snape came out and 
“Well, that’s it then, isn’t it?” Max said. 
“SO WHAT?” Max shouted. “Don’t you understand? 
Page | 303 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“You’re right, Max,” said Hermione in a small voice. 
“I’ll use the Invisibility Cloak,” said Max. “It’s just 
the Gryffindors had anything to say to Max any 
enchantments they were about to try to break. Max 
finally left, stretching and yawning. Max ran 
Page | 304 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Max, hurriedly 
Max looked at the grandfather clock by the door. 
“You don’t understand,” said Max, “this is 
Page | 305 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max turned to Hermione. 
Page | 306 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“What’ve you done to him?” Max whispered. 
“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Max. 
Max’s ear, but Max shook his head. As they 
Page | 307 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max had a sudden idea. 
“I have business here, Peeves,” croaked Max. “Stay 
“Brilliant, Max!” whispered Ron. 
“Well, there you are,” Max said quietly, “Snape’s 
Underneath the cloak, Max turned to the other two. 
Page | 308 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max pushed the door open. 
Max. “Well, here goes ...” 
began to droop. Max hardly drew breath. Slowly, the 
“Keep playing,” Ron warned Max as they slipped out 
Page | 309 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to 
Max handed the flute over. In the few seconds’ 
Max climbed over it and looked down through the 
And Max let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as 
Page | 310 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max. 
landed on Max’s other side. 
around her ankles. As for Max and Ron, their legs 
Page | 311 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Max gasped, 
“So light a fire!” Max choked. 
said Max as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat 
“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Max doesn’t lose his 
“This way,” said Max, pointing down a stone 
passageway sloped downward, and Max was 
Page | 312 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to 
“Probably,” said Max. “They don’t look very vicious, 
Page | 313 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“They’re not birds!” Max said suddenly. “They’re 
Not for nothing, though, was Max the youngest 
Page | 314 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Ron went speeding in the direction that Max was 
“We’ve got to close in on it!” Max called, not taking 
dodged them both, and Max streaked after it; it sped 
toward the wall, Max leaned forward and with a 
They landed quickly, and Max ran to the door, the 
“Ready?” Max asked the other two, his hand on the 
the white pieces. Max, Ron and Hermione shivered 
“Now what do we do?” Max whispered. 
Page | 315 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron 
“We’re not offended,” said Max quickly. “Just tell us 
“Well, Max, you take the place of that bishop, and 
Page | 316 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
board, leaving three empty squares that Max, Ron, 
silently wherever he sent them. Max’s knees were 
“Max — move diagonally four squares to the right.” 
just noticed in time that Max and Hermione were in 
Page | 317 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“NO!” Max and Hermione shouted. 
that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Max!” 
Shaking, Max moved three spaces to the left. 
Max’s feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and 
desperate look back at Ron, Max and Hermione 
Page | 318 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“He’ll be all right,” said Max, trying to convince 
“All right?” Max whispered. 
Max pushed it open. 
“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Max 
“Snape’s,” said Max. “What do we have to do?” 
Page | 319 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
the bottles. Max looked over her shoulder to read it: 
Page | 320 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Hermione let out a great sigh and Max, amazed, saw 
Max looked at the tiny bottle. 
Page | 321 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“You drink that,” said Max. “No, listen, get back and 
“But Max — what if You-Know- Who’s with him?” 
“Well — I was lucky once, wasn’t I?” said Max, 
Max and threw her arms around him. 
“Max — you’re a great wizard, you know.” 
“I’m not as good as you,” said Max, very 
and — oh Max — be carefull” 
“You drink first,” said Max. “You are sure which is 
“It’s not poison?” said Max anxiously. 
Page | 322 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max took a deep breath and picked up the smallest 
Page | 323 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“You\” gasped Max. 
Max couldn’t take it in. This couldn’t be true, it 
Page | 324 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
air and wrapped themselves tightly around Max. 
Page | 325 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
It was only then that Max realized what was 
All Max could think of doing was to keep Quirrell 
Max struggled against the ropes binding him, but 
Page | 326 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max gasped. 
Quirrell’s voice trailed away. Max was remembering 
Page | 327 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max’s mind was racing. 
And to Max’s horror, a voice answered, and the voice 
Quirrell rounded on Max. 
Max fell off. Max got slowly to his feet. 
Max walked toward him. 
Quirrell moved close behind him. Max breathed in 
Page | 328 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
pocket — and as it did so, Max felt something heavy 
Max screwed up his courage. 
“Get out of the way,” he said. As Max moved aside, 
Page | 329 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max felt as if Devil’s Snare was rooting him to the 
Max would have screamed, but he couldn’t make a 
face Max had ever seen. It was chalk white with 
“Max Potter ...” it whispered. 
Max tried to take a step backward but his legs 
Max’s legs. He stumbled backward. 
“LIAR!” Max shouted suddenly. 
Page | 330 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort 
screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Max 
needle-sharp pain seared across Max’s scar; his 
and Quirrell lunged, knocking Max clean off his feet, 
landing on top of him, both hands around Max’s 
neck — Max’s scar was almost blinding him with 
And Quirrell, though pinning Max to the ground 
bewildered, at his own palms — Max could see they 
Page | 331 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
but Max, by instinct, reached up and grabbed 
then Max knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare 
Max jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, 
and tried to throw Max off — the pain in Max’s 
Max’s own head, crying, “Max! Max!” 
“Good afternoon, Max,” said Dumbledore. 
Page | 332 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max stared at him. Then he remembered: “Sir! The 
“Max, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me 
Max swallowed and looked around him. He realized 
Page | 333 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Destroyed?” said Max blankly. “But your friend — 
Max’s face. 
Page | 334 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed 
“Sir?” said Max. “I’ve been thinking ... Sir — even if 
“Call him Voldemort, Max. Always use the proper 
“No, Max, he has not. He is still out there 
followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Max, while 
Max nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made 
Page | 335 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
from your mind for now, Max. When you are older . . . 
And Max knew it would be no good to argue. 
on the windowsill, which gave Max time to dry his 
Max said, “And the Invisibility Cloak — do you know 
Page | 336 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Professor Snape, Max.” 
Max tried to understand this but it made his head 
Page | 337 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Just five minutes,” Max pleaded. 
Page | 338 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Maxl” 
again, but Max was glad she held herself in as his 
“Oh, Max, we were sure you were going to — 
rumors. Max told them everything: Quirrell; the 
right places, and when Max told them what was 
“So what happened to you two?” said Max. 
he just said, ‘Max’s gone after him, hasn’t he?’ and 
Page | 339 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“No, it isn’t,” said Max thoughtfully. “He’s a funny 
After a good night’s sleep, Max felt nearly back to 
Page | 340 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Oh, good,” said Max. “Who is it?” 
allowed. He sat down next to Max, took one look at 
“Hagrid!” said Max, shocked to see Hagrid shaking 
“VOLDEMORT!” Max bellowed, and Hagrid was so 
“It’s not a stoat sandwich, is it?” said Max 
Page | 341 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Max opened it curiously. It was full of wizard 
Max couldn’t speak, but Hagrid understood. 
Max made his way down to the end-of-year feast 
When Max walked in there was a sudden hush, and 
Page | 342 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Slytherin table. Max could see Draco Malfoy banging 
Page | 343 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
Hermione buried her face in her arms; Max strongly 
“Third — to Mr. Max Potter ...” said Dumbledore. 
Cup — if only Dumbledore had given Max just one 
Gryffindor table. Max, Ron, and Hermione stood up 
before. Max, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs 
Page | 344 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
smile. He caught Max’s eye and Max knew at once 
jot. This didn’t worry Max. It seemed as though life 
It was the best evening of Max’s life, better than 
Max had almost forgotten that the exam results 
Page | 345 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Thanks,” said Max, “I’ll need something to look 
“Bye, Max!” 
“Not where I’m going, I promise you,” said Max. 
Page | 346 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Max Potter!” she squealed. “Look, Mom! I can see 
“Very,” said Max. “Thanks for the fudge and the 
mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Max, 
looking terrified at the very sight of Max. 
“You must be Max’s family!” said Mrs. Weasley. 
Max hung back for a last word with Ron and 
Page | 347 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
“Oh, I will,” said Max, and they were surprised at 
Page | 348 Max Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 
